Benchmark template review (#3)
cyberbotics/benchmark-template: ORGANIZER.md

6. In order for the automated script to recover the competitors' score correctly, the supervisor needs to print the final performance of the robot controller in the format "performance_line:SCORE" to stdout (only the SCORE part needs to be changed, which should be a float number).
The score unit depends on the [metric](#supported-metrics) used for the benchmark which will be defined in [webots.yml](webots.yml#L6) that you will need to edit in the next step.

#### Supported metrics

| name          | description                                                                                            | score value             |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| percent       | ranks users based on how close they are to a given objective                                           | a value between 0 and 1 |

> | time-speed    | ranks users based on how quick they complete the objective                                             | a time in seconds       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| time-speed    | ranks users based on how quickly they complete the objective                                             | a time in seconds       |
```

> | time-duration | ranks users based on how long they manage to do an action (e.g. maintain an inverted pendulum upright) | a time in seconds       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| time-duration | ranks users based on how long they manage to perform a task (e.g., to maintain an inverted pendulum upright) | a time in seconds       |
```

> | distance      | ranks users based on how far they manage to make something travel                                      | a distance in meters    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| distance      | ranks users based on how far they manage to move something (including themselves)           | a distance in meters    |
```

### Benchmark specific files

7. Update the parameters inside [webots.yml](../../edit/main/webots.yml):
   - file: set the relative path to your world file.
   - maximum-duration: the maximum duration of an evaluation in seconds. Set it not too large to avoid long evaluations of broken controllers but not too short to have enough time to finish the task.

>    - metric: defines the metric used for the benchmark. Use one of the values defined in the [metric table](#supported-metrics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - metric: defines the metric used for the benchmark. Use one of the values defined in the [metric table](#supported-metrics).
```

   - dockerCompose: it is a special path used by the integrated IDE and GitHub actions to locate the default robot controller. Change "edit_me" to the name of your main robot controller.
   1. Don't forget to commit your changes to save them.

> 8. When a controller is evaluated, Webots and the controller are run inside [Docker containers](https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container/). There are two Dockerfiles at the root of the repository, [Dockerfile](DockerFile) for the Webots container and [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) for the controller container which contains the setup of the competitor. The default [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) will launch in one docker a standard version of Webots with the world file defined in the [webots.yml](webots.yml#L4) file. The default [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) will launch in another docker, a python robot controller specified in [webots.yml](webots.yml#L7).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. When a controller is evaluated, Webots and the controller are run inside [Docker containers](https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container/). There are two Dockerfiles at the root of the repository, [Dockerfile](DockerFile) for the Webots container and [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) for the controller container which contains the setup of the competitor. The default [Dockerfile](Dockerfile) will launch in one docker a standard version of Webots with the world file defined in the [webots.yml](webots.yml#L4) file. The default [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) will launch in another docker, a python robot controller specified in [webots.yml](webots.yml#L7) that will communicate with the Webots process running in the first docker.
```

>    - The default webots.cloud Docker image already has the tools needed to compile and run C, C++ and Python controllers. However, if you need a special environment (for example with specific libraries) for your simulation or supervisor controller you can configure the main [Dockerfile](DockerFile) as needed. Similarly, if competitors have special dependencies (like ROS 2, or some specific Python libraries) for their robot controllers, they can configure their [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The default webots.cloud Docker image already has the tools needed to compile and run C, C++ and Python controllers. However, if you need a special environment (for example with specific libraries) for your simulation or supervisor controller you can configure the main [Dockerfile](DockerFile) as needed. Similarly, if competitors have special dependencies (like ROS 2, or some specific Python libraries) for their robot controllers, they will be able to configure their [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) accordingly.
```

9. Replace the three files of the [preview folder](/preview) with an example animation of your benchmark [recorded from Webots](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/web-animation). Keep the same names for the files: animation.json, scene.x3d and thumbnail.jpg.

### README update

Some sections from the README file are used to generate the webots.cloud benchmark page: the title, the description and an information table. Make sure to edit them while keeping them inside their respective \<span\> tags.

Update the [README file](../../edit/main/README.md):

> 10. Change the title and the description section to fit your new scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Change the title and the description section to describe your new scenario.
```

11. Update the different fields of the information section:
    - Difficulty: an idea of the benchmark's complexity (for example: Middle School, High School, Bachelor, Master, PhD...)
    - Robot: the name of the robot used in the benchmark
    - Language: the programming language of the example controller
    - Commitment: an idea of the time required to complete the benchmark (a few minutes, a couple of hours, a couple of days...)
12. Replace the two occurrences of "ORGANIZER_NAME" in the "How to participate" section with your GitHub username and one "ORGANIZER_REPOSITORY" with your repository name.
13. Remove the "Organizer setup" section at the top of the file.
14. Don't forget to commit your changes to save them.

> You can submit your benchmark to [webots.cloud](https://benchmark.webots.cloud/benchmark) to share it with other people. Then you are on the website on the "Benchmark" tab, click on "Add a new benchmark" and enter the URL to your .wbt world file located in the [worlds folder](./worlds/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now submit your benchmark to [webots.cloud](https://benchmark.webots.cloud/benchmark) to share it with other people. On the website, in the "Benchmark" tab, click on "Add a new benchmark" and enter the URL to your .wbt world file located in the [worlds folder](./worlds/).
```

> When you have submitted your benchmark to webots.cloud, change the link of the shield badge at the top of the [README file](../../edit/main/README.md) to your own webots.cloud page. You will then be able to easily go to the webots.cloud site to see your updated changes and your competitors will have a handy link to the current leaderboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have submitted your benchmark to webots.cloud, change the link of the shield badge at the top of the [README file](../../edit/main/README.md) to your own webots.cloud page. You will then be able to easily go to the webots.cloud site to see your updated changes and your competitors will have a handy link to the leaderboard.
```

> Finally, when all the previous steps have been made, you can delete this file and your benchmark should be good to go!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, once you completed all the previous steps, you can delete this file and your benchmark should be good to go!
```
